All that is beaming, all through the night, While the weary world is sleeping, all through the night.
On my hood, the deathly steely, Visions of delight revealing, With the pure and holy feeling, All through the night.
All to me, my thoughts are journey, All through the night.
And for me, my heart is yearning, All through the night.
No that may not life face ever, Parting will not last forever, Yet oh, that is we never, All through the night.
All through the night.
Alright!
May the marlin arms be shaking, At the coaster hills are shaking,
Rallying hours o'er sea shaking, Gathering the wise.
Hark! the thousand-warriors rolling, Let all hear all hearts and tone,
Tell the marlin, get out for me, Lead them to the prize.
When the rumble shall be, Quietly pouring down,
The golden beat of war, The tyrants and the brown wings,
The red-wilders waving o'er ye, Ranks on ranks, all mass before ye,
Are to this we march to glory, I'll show you why.
When the rumble shall be, Quietly pouring down,
The golden beat of war, The tyrants and the brown wings,
The red-wilders waving o'er ye, Ranks on ranks, all mass before ye,
Are to this we march to glory, I'll show you why.